right now I want you to increase the
feeling of
stuckness okay
it's it feels like every time I try to
do that my body wants to spend more
energy getting out of that feeling great
I want you to go even more stuck then I
want you to feel so stuck that you can't
even talk you're so stuck you can't even
describe it to me you're so
[Music]
stuck there's a few things I'm
struggling with in my life but overall I
think the feeling is that I'm not happy
with the current state of things no yet
I
feel um I feel scared to take the
actions that I want to take and um I
feel stuck because the known is more
familiar how how
long how what percentage of your life
from 20 years old till today would that
sentence be
true
I am not happy with the state of things
and I am scared to take the risk of of
going into the
unknown maybe 30 to
50 so I've taken a lot of
risk um but I still keep finding myself
in this
space this what space of being
unsatisfied with the way things are yeah
feeling stuck but um feeling so
terrified of making the next move that
it's more familiar and safer to be in
the stuck and
unhappiness yeah again I I just want to
point out that you
are you just took an action of going
into the unknown and proving that you're
not
stuck how how's that by being in this
conversation yeah so my question is how
much of this stuck is a feeling and how
much of it is it
actual like are you actually stuck are
you actually taking the actions of a
stuck person or do you just think you're
stuck I'm not sure I could identify the
difference what did your life look like
a year
ago very different um I was there there
we go that would be not stuck
um but for the last year it's felt stuck
so a lot of things in my life changed
last year and wait I'm with you I'm not
gonna but but you said you so you feel
stuck you just said It felt stuck okay
your life looked a lot different than
then it's not actually as stuck I'm just
saying are we working on the fact that
you're stuck or are we working on the
fact that you feel
stuck I think feeling stuck yeah yeah
yeah great and how does stuck
feel it feels
like I'm unable to move um kind of like
I'm stuck in like a mouse trap my feet
are stuck to the
ground great I want you to feel more
stuck right now I want you to increase
the feeling of
stuckness okay
it's it feels like every time I try to
do that
my body wants to spend more energy
getting out of that feeling great I want
you to go even more stuck then I want
you to feel so stuck that you can't even
talk you're so stuck you can't even
describe it to me you're so
stuck and then even more like just go
even more
stuck it feels like I'm going to
explode yeah keep
going
I feel
helpless
yeah it feels like I'm GNA get sucked
into this black hole and never be able
to come out go in go into the
hole okay yeah and you're
smiling because when I went into the
hole Yeah suddenly there was a different
way and I just came back out again yeah
yeah that's right that's how it
works the avoidance of the hole is the
stuckness the
abyss what do I do with this what did
you just do with
it I just came out of it I went in and
then I came out of it that's how you do
it the stuckness is the resisting it's
not the
actual hole black
hole
give me a moment in your life when that
black hole wasn't
there like maybe it's way out in the
background maybe it's but like just
notice that that's like a you said I'm
dissatisfied with life often like that
tells me that big black hole Abyss is
there a
lot it's been present a lot in the last
while yeah yeah and it's your it's the
thing you're looking
for it is the way to be unstuck and
you've been avoiding
it I feel like the way I try to solve
for it is to try and create the perfect
perfect circumstances so I don't feel it
again right which keeps me in the
feeling because I don't know what those
circumstances are going to be to never
have this right instead of yay there's
the feeling that's my unstuck
place
yeah you are avoiding something that is
your
relief you are running away from the
thing that brings you Freedom
quickest yeah I'm wondering why I do
that it's a human
thing the more we avoid something the
scarier it
gets yeah and typically the thing that
we're avoiding is love
in the exercise the thing that we talked
about was why do I keep of why do I keep
resisting the feeling of
loneliness yeah let's do that one too
then okay feel the loneliness for a
minute like go just like jump into the
loneliness yeah no reason yeah how is
that not
love it feels like a disconnection and a
longing more than love great so go right
into the middle of the longing keep your
eyes closed go right into the middle of
the longing don't disconnect from your
longing be intimate with your
longing it's so big yeah love is really
[__]
big it feels like if I connect to it
like it might absorb me hold it
will that's what love
does
it rips away our
identity it feels like if I give to the
longing I might be just like be like a
like a little baby like totally
helpless yeah that's how it
works but you don't give into it you
just be intimate with it I want
control
I want to control and taper this feeling
to my comfort
level great you can do that if you want
you can just like spend a little time
with the longing tomorrow you can spend
a little more time with the longing the
next day you can taper if you'd like
okay there's no problem with
that
and yeah you don't get to control love
that's not how it works you just get to
you just get to be heartbroken from time
to
time increasing your capacity to
love
yeah what a pleasure to work with you
thank you
Joe